Add update function to Powershell module (#3042)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: docs/README.md

Get-Help Install-OpenTelemetryCore -Detailed
```

Updating OpenTelemetry installation:

```powershell
# Import the previously downloaded module.

> # Note: It's best to use the same version of the module and installation to uninstall properly.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
# Note: It's best to use the same version of the module for installation and uninstallation to ensure proper removal.
```
